1.Manali is tha famouse place of india for all the tourist .Recently I visit this and it was damn beautiful.
2.Manal is a beautiful hill station in himachal pradesh. I went to manali with my college friends. It was really a fun. First off all the mall road was nearby to the bus stop. And you can find accomodation and dining facilities nerby. We had no difficulties in finding the hotels .
3.I & my family have been in Manali for last 3 days. I am extremely disappointed with the infrastructure of this place. Roads are narrow & in terrible condition. There are traffic jams everywhere 
4.Beautiful no doubt. But very much over crowded. Hotel rate is thrice or even more. Local sight seeing like solang trip takes a lot money. Too much traffic to rohtang pass. Mall road is thickly crowded. 
5.I love manali.when I come here I jast look it is like a world's hevan.It's river raftingand pera glayding is superb.Manali is also very cool place for treking.We enjoy here with family as weel as friends.
6.Well, after writing 3 successful diaries over Goa, let me present you with a review on it, hoping that it will cover everything you need to know. Goa is a beautiful place, which has the freedom to roam as you like, wear what you want, drink what you can, and enjoy as your wish.
7.Are you a foreigner? if you are, goa will treat you good. if you are from anywhere else in the country people there, not all of them, but most of them will f u from the rear until your bum becomes sore. 
8.Goa is the most chillaxing and rejuvinating place in india. I visited goa last year and planing to visit it this year too. One advice if u are wishing to visit goa on season kindly do the hotel or resort bookings in advance other wise they will become too costly.
9.Goa is the smallest state situated underneath Maharashtra. Goa mainly constitutes Indians and Portuguese. It is considered as the best location for vacation in India. It is mainly famous for lifestyle, good food, good drinks and party.The beaches here are insane. 
10.I had been to goa last month.the place is superb.beaches are similar to that of foreign beaches.we can find more foreigners than Indians in goa.good beach, foods etc.but I was able to interact with lots of frauds.
