1.A traveler can never get enough of a place and so is with me, if you want to go and explore with friends, Jaipur is 1 of the incredible places to visit in India. I had the best ever travelling experience of mine with my friend circle of Jaipur. 
2.Jaipur is very best place to visit. I was to go to Jaipur on Feb 2016 with my friends. First me and my friends go to Jalmahal. Jalmahal was awesome palace and it into the river on the sunset in evening this palace looking beautiful and charming.
3.Hello guys, I have lived in Jaipur and my experience about the city might be of help for you. First of all, Jaipur is not just a good city in terms of tourism but also from a residential point of view. The place is neat, tidy and one of the better managed cities of India. 
4.The sight of pink city gives relaxation to our eyes. Gola ice cream is really delicious here.In short it is a suitable place to visit and enjoy.It is a historical place. So guys as I suggesting visit jaipur as soon as possible and enjoy your life.
5.Standing at a height, looking at the remnants of past, the walls that hold royalty and charisma of Rajputs. Amber Fort has always enchanted my senses. Amber Fort is located in Amber (Jaipur), which used to be the capital of the Kachhwaha clan, till Jaipur was made the official capital in 1727. 
6.Dear friends I am very proud to reviewing on Kerala, The gods own country is my state .I am living in palakkad district of this state. The main attraction of my district is malampuzha dam. Now I am coming to the whole Kerala. Kerala is gifted with many natural beauty.it is known for its beaches and backwaters, many canals, mountains
7.Enough is truly not enough when nature wraps its arms around you - letting go is up to you though - Wonderful place to visit visit with family and friends. Best time of the year is November to January- Go places, enjoy mother nature!
8.There are many National park and wildlife sancturies at periyar, parambikulam and Eravikulam National parks.kochi has the first rank in the total tourism in Kerala. Kerala is a best tourist attraction in india with beaches, hillranges etc.The name GODS OWN COUNTRY is very suitable for Kerala.
9.I am a native of kerala, coming from the middle part of it and needless to say that I love my place so much.From my childhood, it has been my habit to go to Trivandrum and visit some of its nice places. Last Christmas holidays also, I was there at Trivandrum enjoying the city in all its beauty. what I particularly suggest here at Kerala is its delicious food, cultural festivities, etc. Kerala has lot of festivals and right from my childhood I actively participate in all of them like Onam, Vishu, Christmas, etc.
10.In 2016 travelled to kerala with family it was amazing and climate was so good. Looking into the scenaries was really natural.
